>> Jen Kramer: Are there any outstanding
remaining questions on Flexbox or
Grid or layout?
>> Speaker 2: Are you absolutely
sure that Flexbox and
Grid's CSS work 100% with
Google Chrome and Edge?
>> Jen Kramer: That they will
work in Chrome and Edge or
that they do work in Chrome and Edge?
>> Speaker 2: They do work in Chrome and
Edge.
>> Jen Kramer: I am 100% certain
that grid works in Chrome.
I'm 99% certain it works in Edge.
If it's not today, it is this month.
Edge is supposed to
come online this month.
We can check, can I use,
>> Jen Kramer: So let's see here.
Here's my page,
can I use
>> Speaker 2: Yeah
it's a maroon, partial support.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, so as you see here I
guess the current version of Edge is Edge
15 Edge 16 is the next version,
it is scheduled to come online and
be completely cross browser compatible,
so it's coming, it's coming and I have
read that Edge is supposed to be out
this month, I don't know the exact date.
Fabulous, thank you all so much for
sticking with me for the last two days.
I appreciate it very much.
I appreciate it it takes a lot
of time out of your day and
a lot of time away from clients and
other things that you have to do to
come and attend a training like this.
I'm glad that you have found it valuable.
If you like me here,
you may also like me elsewhere.
I'll go ahead and put up my contact
information as a last slide here.
So this is how you can contact me,
if you wanna get in touch with me.
And you can follow me on Twitter,
you can follow me on Facebook.
And thank you very much,
it's my first front end masters class.
I had a blast, it was super fun
being here with all of you, and
I hope to see you again
some time in the future.
Thank you very much.
>> Speaker 2: [APPLAUSE]